Add documentation for the testrunner (#14)
gardener/test-infra: docs/Testrunner.md

# Testrunner

> Testrunner is a additional component of the Test Machinery that abstracts templating, deploying, and watching of Testruns and provide additonal functionality like storing test results or notifying test-owners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testrunner is an additional component of the Test Machinery that abstracts templating, deploying and watching of Testruns and provide additional functionality like storing test results or notifying test-owners.
```

> The runner is intended to run in a CI/CD pipeline as it depends on the gardener [cc-utils](https://github.com/gardener/cc-utils) library to store test results in a elastic search database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runner is intended to run in a CI/CD pipeline as it depends on the gardener [cc-utils](https://github.com/gardener/cc-utils) library to store test results in an elasticsearch database.
```

## Usage

The testrunner is a basic go commandline tool that can be run by either calling it directly via
```
go run cmd/testmachinery-run/main.go [flags]
```
or using the image `eu.gcr.io/gardener-project/gardener/testmachinery/testmachinery-run` which is updated and kept in sync with each new Test Machinery version.

## Flags

### Testrunner Configuration

| flag | default | description | required
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |
| tm-kubeconfig-path | | Path to the kubeconfig of the cluster running the Test Machinery | x |

> | testruns-chart-path | | Path to the Testrun helm template taht should be deployed. (Additional information about the parameters can be found [here](#helm-template)) | x |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| testruns-chart-path | | Path to the Testrun helm template that should be deployed. (Additional information about the parameters can be found [here](#helm-template)) | x |
```

> | testrun-prefix | | Prefix of the deployed testrun. This prefix is ues for the `metadata.generateName` of testruns in the helm template. | x |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| testrun-prefix | | Prefix of the deployed Testrun. This prefix is used for the `metadata.generateName` of Testruns in the helm template. | x |
```

> | timeout | 3600 | Max seconds to wait for all testruns to finish. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timeout | 3600 | Max seconds to wait for all Testruns to finish. | |
```

| output-file-path | "./testout" | The filepath where the test summary and results should be written to. | |
| s3-endpoint | EnvVar ("S3_ENDPOINT") | Accessible S3 endpoint of the s3 storage used by argo. This parameter is needed when tests export test results and the testrunner needs to fetch them and add them to the summary. | |
| es-config-name | | Elasticsearch server config name that is used with the cc-utils cli | |
| concourseOnErrorDir | EnvVar ("ON_ERROR_DIR") | Directory where the `notify.cfg` should be written to. | |

### Helm Parameters

| flag | default | description | required
| ---- | ---- | ---- | --- |

> | gardener-kubeconfig-path | | Path to a kubeconfig where a gardener is running. The kubeconfig will be base64 encoded and passed to the testrun. | x |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gardener-kubeconfig-path | | Path to a kubeconfig where a gardener is running. The kubeconfig will be base64 encoded and passed to the Testrun. | x |
```

| shoot-name | | Name of the shoot which is created for testing. | x |
| project-name | | Gardener project name where the shoot should be deployed. | x |

> | cloudprovider | | Cloudprovider of the shoot. Can be `aws`, `azure`, `gcp`, `alicloud` | x |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cloudprovider | | Cloudprovider of the shoot. Can be `aws`, `azure`, `gcp`, `openstack`, `alicloud` | x |
```

| landscape | | Semantic metadata information about the current landscape that is tested. | |

## Component Descriptor

See `cc-utils` repo and [documentation](https://gardener.github.io/cc-utils/traits/component_descriptor.html) for full documentation of how it is calculated in the gardener project.

A component descritor (BOM - Bill of Materials) describes all dependencies like github repositories (modules) and docker images of a project.

The structure of a component descriptor:
```yaml
components:
- name: component_name
  version: component_version
  dependencies:
    components:
    - name: component_dependency_name # e.g. github.com/gardener/test-infra
      version: component_dependency_version # e.g 0.12.2
    container_images:
    - image_reference: "" # eg. k8s.gcr.io/hyperkube:v1.11.6
      name: "" # e.g. hyperkube-1.13.2
      version: "" # e.g. 1.13.2
    generic:
    - name: "" # e.g. CoreOS
      version: "" # 1967.3.0
```

## Helm Template

> The Testrunner integrates the helm templating engine and uses that to simplify the specification of different testruns with different purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Testrunner integrates the helm templating engine and uses it to simplify the specification of different Testruns with different purposes.
```

It it also supported to have multiple testruns in one helm chart which all can be handled by the testrunner.

> The helm charts need to have a specific format to be properly handled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The helm charts need to have a specific format to be properly handled.
```
